The first question you might have is, "Why even bother?
Are neural networks fast enough already?"
And that's a good question. The answer depends on the application.
If we were classifying whether something is a hotdog or not a hotdog,
we'd be fine with out of the box inference speeds.
Autonomous vehicles however, are more demanding than just identifying hotdogs.
The perception system in our vehicle has to make predictions in real time.
We can't use cloud computing resources due to the latency.
So all of these predictions must take place on the vehicle computational hardware.
Squeezing every last bit of performance out of this hardware is crucial.